# Questions
1. The job description mentions that this role requires strong analytic capability and organizational skills. Can you provide an example of a situation where you demonstrated these skills in a previous role or project?
	1. When I was working for Seagen, I was in charge of getting everyone back to work after covid lockdowns. One of my responsibilities was making sure everyone had an assigned desk who needed a desk. This required me to stay organized with all of the lists that I was given. Because this plan was for over 900 employees it required me to be meticulous so that I didn't miss anything. I was also in charge of going to their offices and adding return to work pamphlets on everyones desks. Within the first 10 desks, I noticed that no one had check to make sure all of the required equipment was still at each desk. Me and my coworker went through every desk, in all 7 building, marking down and documenting every piece of missing equipment.
2. The position requires clear communication and the ability to relate to others, listen, and address concerns in a patient and supportive manner. Can you share an instance where you demonstrated these skills, particularly in a challenging situation?
	1. While working at Galvanize, was basically a teachers aid for the first half of my time there. While working with students I was required to relate to the students, listen to their problems, and help them overcome those problems. Because the bootcamp can be such a stressful environment, we would have students who would come in angry and stressed out because something wasn't working and direct that anger at us. One of these situations sticks out as this particular student had been stuck for a few hours on a single problem. I sat with him for a few hours, no only going through that problem and getting his error fixed, but also walking him through the underlying reasoning as to why the error had occurred so that he had the skills to solve similar issues in the future.
3. The job requires the ability to speak to the customer's level of expertise. Can you describe a time when you had to adjust your communication style to suit a customer's understanding of a technical issue?
	1. While working for Galvanize, in our first week, we were thrown into a brand new cohort that was just starting. Because the bootcamp is a beginner to expert bootcamp, everyone comes in with very different skill sets. Some student had been coding for years and some students had never opened their terminal. This meant that I had to ask students questions to help me gage what they knew so I could help them with their issue and explain the solution in terms that they would understand. 
4. The job description mentions that you should be an expert problem-solver, able to accurately diagnose issues and repair systems. Can you provide an example of a complex problem you encountered in a previous role, how you diagnosed it, and what steps you took to resolve it?
	1. While working for Galvanize, being a teachers aid, our main job was to help students problem solve and fix issues with their code. This means that every day I am helping students trace errors through their code. Because I was exposed to so much troubleshooting during the course, I developed very good problem solving skills.
5. The job requires an independent work ethic to implement solutions without constant supervision. Can you share an example of a project or task you completed independently, highlighting how you managed your time and resources?
	1. While working for Seagen, I was assigned to diagnose some problems with our hardware returns process and then figure out a solution to those problems. I was sent out on my own with little more instruction than, "learn from the person already doing this job and report back to me how we can improve it". During my time learning I found some points that could be improved and was able to come back to my manager with a fully automated system that would streamline the returns system. I had to schedule meeting and confirm this with the developers as it required code to be written. I also had to create a flow chart of the old process as well as a flow chart for the new and improved process so that my manager could take that to the higher ups to get approval.
6. The job description mentions the ability and desire to explore and learn new technologies to support the mission and enhance the business. Can you describe a time when you had to learn a new technology or tool quickly to complete a task or project?
	1. While working for Seagen, I was put to work on the ServiceNow team. I had no coding experience and no ServiceNow experience but I dove in to learning it from day 1. When I was reassigned to the hardware returns team, I was tasked with finding inefficiencies in the process. I discovered that the process was almost 100% manual and because of that, it was incredibly inefficient. I developed a better system to keep track of inventory than the excel spreadsheet that we were using and instead figure out how to keep all of the return records in service now. I also dove into the automation aspect that ServiceNow provides and was able to give the developers a plan to integrate the FedEx api directly into the process.
7. The job description emphasizes the importance of being a team player. Can you share an example of a time when you collaborated with a team to achieve a common goal? What was your role, and how did you contribute to the team's success?
	1. While working as a lacrosse referee, working as a team and being a team player is essential. You have to be able to communicate effectively with the coaches, players, parents, and most importantly, the other referee. If any aspect of this communication breaks down, the entire game can easily get out of control. In 2019 I was given the privilege to referee the state championship game for the most competitive division in Washington. Because their was a full fan section, we were not able to hear each other over the cheering fans, so we had to make sure we communicated each call deliberately between the 4 referees on the field.
8. The job description mentions the need for patience, understanding, and flexibility. Can you provide an example of a situation where you had to display these qualities, particularly when dealing with a difficult or unexpected situation?
	1. While working at Galvanize, I had to work with a variety of students, with a variety of understandings when I came to coding. I had to be incredibly patent and understanding when it came to working with these students. Some students required more time and explanations which I was always happy to provide. My goal whenever a student joined and asked a question was not that they would just leave with an answer, but that they would leave with a strong understanding of what was happening with their code.
9. The job requires open availability, including holidays, nights, and weekends. Can you discuss your experience with flexible scheduling and your ability to meet such requirements?
	1. 